In the Arabian language
My dear friend Mona, can I know your opinion on some points related to the Arabic language?
Of course Reem, I like this kind of conversation
Good, when did the Arabic language appear?
The Arabic language appeared many years ago
Historians pointed out that it is one of the most important languages
And it is the oldest group of languages in the world
Why is learning the Arabic language so difficult?
It is not like that
The diversity of Arabic languages, from literature to rhetoric, grammar to grammar,
to the beauty of the words and the multiple singularities
make some people afraid of learning them
While it is one of the most powerful and easy languages to learn
But it only needs determination and persistence to learn and master it
Do you know why the Arabic language is called the language of the opposite?
Yes, of course
This name is re-used on the Arabic language
Because it is the only language on the level of the languages of the world
that contains the letter of the opposite
Do you always get high marks in the Arabic language?
And the teacher describes you as a lover of the Arabic language
Why?
How can I not love it?
The Creator has honored it, and made it the language of the Holy Quran
And the language of the Master of Messengers
And it is the main language of Islam
And the cradle of civilizations around the world
How beautiful is the Arabic language!
Thank you, Mona